DISA STIG for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7
=========

Ansible remediation role for profile stig-rhel7-disa  
Profile Title:  DISA STIG for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7  
Profile Description:  
  
This profile contains configuration checks that align to the   
DISA STIG for Red Hat Enterprise Linux V1R1.  
  
In addition to being applicable to RHEL7, DISA recognizes this   
configuration baseline as applicable to the operating system  
tier of Red Hat technologies that are based off RHEL7, such as RHEL  
Server,  RHV-H, RHEL for HPC, RHEL Workstation, and Red Hat   
Storage deployments.  
  
  
Benchmark ID:  RHEL-7  
Benchmark Version:  0.1.38  
  
XCCDF Version:  1.1  
  
This file was generated by OpenSCAP 1.2.17 using:  
	$ oscap xccdf generate fix --profile stig-rhel7-disa --template urn:xccdf:fix:script:ansible xccdf-file.xml   
  
This script is generated from an OpenSCAP profile without preliminary evaluation.  
It attempts to fix every selected rule, even if the system is already compliant.  
  
How to apply this remediation role:  
$ ansible-playbook -i "192.168.1.155," playbook.yml  
$ ansible-playbook -i inventory.ini playbook.yml

Requirements
------------

- Ansible version 2.3 or higher

Role Variables
--------------

To customize the role to your liking, check out the [list of variables](vars/main.yml).

Dependencies
------------

N/A

Example Playbook
----------------

Run `ansible-galaxy install Ansible-Security-Compliance.rhel7-role-stig-rhel7-disa` to
download and install the role. Then you can use the following playbook snippet.


    - hosts: all
      roles:
         - { role: Ansible-Security-Compliance.rhel7-role-stig-rhel7-disa }


Then first check the playbook using (on the localhost):

    ansible-playbook -i "localhost," -c local --check playbook.yml

To deploy it, use (this may change configuration of your local machine!):

    ansible-playbook -i "localhost," -c local playbook.yml


License
-------

BSD-3-Clause

Author Information
------------------

This Ansible remediation role has been generated from the body of security policies developed by the SCAP Security Guide project. Please see https://github.com/OpenSCAP/scap-security-guide/blob/master/Contributors.md for an updated list of authors and contributors.
